#+TITLE: org-task-scheduler.el
#+DATE: <2023-10-31 Tue 10:54>
#+begin_quote
If you're reading this, you have my thanks. But let's be honest: I can't know
what you like. Every human product that's really worth reading or seeing or
hearing is made mostly to please its human producer. Because if you aim to
please the world you usually miss, the target's just too big and you can only
guess where it is...
\- Tim Bray
(https://www.tbray.org/ongoing/When/201x/2017/05/03/Blogging-in-2017)
#+end_quote

Oh, the pursuit of perfection to one's needs, my dear reader, is a noble and
enticing endeavor. How often have we found ourselves dissatisfied with the
offerings of others, not because they were lacking in quality, but simply
because they did not align exactly with our unique desires?

Such was my predicament when I embarked on a quest to find the perfect package
to my requirements, one that would cater to my specific needs. I delved into the
sea of options, hoping to discover a gem that would captivate me in ways beyond
imagination. Alas, despite encountering several commendable contenders, none
could fulfill the specific expectations I had set upon them.

It was not a matter of their inadequacy or their inherent flaws; quite the
contrary, these packages were exceptional in their own right. However, my heart
yearned for something else and more, something that would cater to my
idiosyncratic requests. And so, embracing the spirit of creativity and
curiosity, I ventured forth into the realm of creation.

Ah, the art of forging one's own path, designing a realm tailored to one's
desires - it is both liberating and daunting. With jumbled thoughts and visions
swirling in my mind, I harnessed my determination and set about the arduous task
of crafting my own package, one that would satisfy my simple yet profound needs.

Time passed, and my labor of love took shape. With each stroke of the keyboard
and every line of code, I breathed life into my creation, shaping it into a
tangible embodiment of my aspirations. And finally, after countless hours of
toil and unwavering dedication, my creation stood before me - a manifestation of
my desires, manifested in the digital realm.

So here it stands, my dear reader, the culmination of my endeavors. A package
born from the depths of my imagination, with every intricate detail tailored to
perfection. It is not the most intricate or grandiose, but it is uniquely mine -
a testament to the power of willful creation.

Thus, I present to you my creation, a testament to the pursuit of individuality
and the refusal to settle for existing offerings. May it inspire you to embark
on your own creative journey, for within the realm of personalization lies the
true essence of satisfaction and fulfillment.

ðŸ‘‰ https://github.com/jsntn/org-task-scheduler.el
